## What are the differences between git push, git pull, and git fetch?

A quick overview:
- Use `git fetch` and `git pull` to bring changes from a different repo into your local repo.
- Use `git push` to send changes from your local repo to a different repo.

Let's look at `git fetch` and `git pull` first. When you run `git fetch` you specify a target branch. Git collects any changes in the target branch that do not currently exist in your current branch, and adds these changes to your local repo. These changes are now available for you to preview, add to a new branch, or, most likely, merge into your current working branch.

`git pull` is a combination of two commands: first `git fetch` and then `git merge`. When you run `git pull`, git first fetches any changes from the target branch, and then git automatically merges these changes into your current working branch.

Often `git push` and `git pull` are described as equivalent. This isn't entirely correct, since under the hood `git pull` does two things. `git push` takes our current branch, and checks to see whether or not there is a tracking branch for a remote repository connected to it. If so, our changes are taken from our branch and pushed to the remote branch. This is how code is shared with a remote repository, you can think of it as "make the remote branch resemble my local branch". This will fail if the remote branch has diverged from your local branch: if not all the commits in the remote branch are in your local branch. When this happens, your local branch needs to be synchronized with the remote branch with git pull or git fetch and git merge.`git fetch` again takes our current branch, and checks to see if there is a tracking branch. If so, it looks for changes in the remote branch, and pulls them into the tracking branch. It does not change your local branch. To do that, you'll need to do `git merge origin/master` (for the "master" branch) to merge those changes into your branch - probably also called "master".`git pull` simply does a `git fetch` followed immediately by `git merge`. This is often what we desire to do, but some people prefer to use git fetch followed by git merge to make sure they understand the changes they are merging into their branch before the merge happens.